Docs 6939 tokenization january2020 (#44)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/tokenization-example.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

The way you configure and use the tokenization service depends on your Mule implementation. 

== Apply a Tokenization Policy to the API Gateway

> You can apply a tokenization policy to the API gateway capability of Mule 4 to serve as the intermediary between Security edge and the Mule app. 

Reviewer: per PMMs:
```suggestion
You can apply a tokenization policy to the API gateway capability of Mule 4 to serve as the intermediary between Anypoint Security's edge and the Mule app. 
```
